---
description: >-
  Organisations, Groups etc can join the Anthill Community with their own
  identities
---

# Colony

Colonies are groups formed by people or organisations around a common interest. On Anthill we could have a colony for photographers, for the London Photographers and so on, similar to Groups we have on Facebook. But we can also have the [Musician Union](https://musiciansunion.org.uk) (UK) and [Clock Your Skills](https://clockyourskills.com) as a colony. \
Having a colony is the best way to keep your Organisation's Identity within the Anthill Community.

### **Colony are:**&#x20;

• Groups \
• Organisations \
• Companies \
• Collectives \
• Communities \
• Charities \
• Projects

Each Ant account can own a set amount of colonies according to their [Ranking](ranking-system.md) but can be part of an unlimited number of colonies. \
For example, an Anthill member (Ant) could have the colony of their company, of their art collective, of their group of interest (for example, NYC Filmmaker), of their music band. And can be part of any Colony present in the Anthill Community.

### **Colonies' Names have financial value**&#x20;

Same as domain names, Colony Names have a value. Anthill will give those names out for sale as NFT at the higher bidder through our auction system. \
Those Names (NFT) can be resold or rented out, but 50% of the earning**s** generated by the resale and rent goes back to the Anthill Community. \
This is to remove speculative trading over the names and to give space to genuine groups and organisations as well as contribute to the community financially.&#x20;

### **Benefits:**&#x20;

• Keep the Organisation/Company identity within the Anthill Community \
• Match Making Tool for Colony (get connected with people that could be interested in becoming members of your company) \
• \*Early Adopters get their Colony Name for Free\
• Earn a passive income by contributing to the Anthill Community \
• Access to Anthill Social Tools as Colony \
• Access to Anthill Marketplace as Colony \
• Access to Anthill Financial Tools (Defi) as Colony \
• Participating in the governance as a Colony means representing your colony member's votes. (Members can decide if delegate their vote to the colony)&#x20;

### **Optional Benefits:**&#x20;

• Internal advanced governance system for the Colony\
• Own token, pegged or not pegged to the Ant Token

### **\*Early Adopters:**&#x20;

Committing your Organisation to become part of the Anthill before the launch day, allow you to get the Colony Name for free of your organisation.
